npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md, before:

---
type: npc
---
<!--
type: non-player-character
created-by:
-->

# Lt. Dan Davis

Retired [U.S. National Guard](/organizations/US_Government/US_National_Guard.md) lieutenant, now Lieutenant Liberty, a U.S. Super-Soldier.

## AKA:
Lt. Liberty

## Appearance
Trait | Description
-- | --
Hair: | Blond
Eyes: | Blue
Height: | 6'
Weight: | 220lbs
Gender: | male
Notes: |

![picture](../images/image.jpg)

## Background / Origin
Lt. Davis first encountered [Vanguard](organizations/Vanguard.md) during the [Martian](npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md) invasion of 1938.  Due to injuries to his lungs from the deadly Martian [Black Smoke](items/Black_Smoke_Launcher.md), he was given a medical discharge from the National Guard.  He was subsequently hired as a security guard by the [Antonova Corporation](organizations/Antonova_Corporation.md) where he discovered a grizzly murder scene in one of their warehouses.

After the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, Lt. Davis heard rumors of a special super-soldier program being initiated by the U.S. military.  He volunteered, wanting to do his part.  Even if he wasn't accepted into the program, he wanted at least a support role.  As it was, [Dr. Reeds](npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md) was present during Lt. Davis's medical evaluation and was impressed by the young man's determination and sense of duty.  Dr. Reeds personally waved Lt. Davis's medical requirements and enrolled him in the program.

As Lt. Liberty, Dan Davis is the spokesperson and field commander of Liberty Squad.  He was given his star-spangled armored suit as the senator in charge of the project felt he would make the perfect spokesperson for the project, given his status as a Martian War hero and example of the miraculous benefits of Dr. Brzezicki's formula.

## Personality

## Powers

<sub><sup> * Known to the general public</sup></sub>

## Notes

### Allies

### Associates

### Birthplace

### Enemies

### Home

### Property

### Memberships

### Relations

### Rivals

### Visited

## Adventures
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)


<!-- GM Notes
[Hero Designer File](<>)
[pdf](<>)
-->

Commit message:

Issue 003
Added issue 3 and its associated files.

npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md, after:

---
type: npc
---
<!--
type: non-player-character
created-by:
-->

# Lt. Dan Davis

Retired [U.S. National Guard](/organizations/US_Government/US_National_Guard.md) lieutenant, now Lieutenant Liberty, a U.S. Super-Soldier.

## AKA:
Lt. Liberty

## Appearance
Trait | Description
-- | --
Hair: | Blond
Eyes: | Blue
Height: | 6'
Weight: | 220lbs
Gender: | male
Notes: |

![picture](../images/image.jpg)

## Background / Origin
Lt. Davis first encountered [Vanguard](organizations/Vanguard.md) during the [Martian](npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md) invasion of 1938.  Due to injuries to his lungs from the deadly Martian [Black Smoke](items/Black_Smoke_Launcher.md), he was given a medical discharge from the National Guard.  He was subsequently hired as a security guard by the [Antonova Corporation](organizations/Antonova_Corporation.md) where he discovered a grizzly murder scene in one of their warehouses.

After the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, Lt. Davis heard rumors of a special super-soldier program being initiated by the U.S. military.  He volunteered, wanting to do his part.  Even if he wasn't accepted into the program, he wanted at least a support role.  As it was, [Dr. Reeds](npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md) was present during Lt. Davis's medical evaluation and was impressed by the young man's determination and sense of duty.  Dr. Reeds personally waved Lt. Davis's medical requirements and enrolled him in the program.

As Lt. Liberty, Dan Davis is the spokesperson and field commander of Liberty Squad.  He was given his star-spangled armored suit as the senator in charge of the project felt he would make the perfect spokesperson for the project, given his status as a Martian War hero and example of the miraculous benefits of Dr. Brzezicki's formula.

## Personality

## Powers

<sub><sup> * Known to the general public</sup></sub>

## Notes

### Allies

### Associates

### Birthplace

### Enemies

### Home

### Property

### Memberships

### Relations

### Rivals

### Visited

## Adventures
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
- [Issue 003 -- Battle of New Brunswick (War of the Worlds Part 3)](sessions/Issue-003.md)

<!-- GM Notes
[Hero Designer File](<>)
[pdf](<>)
-->
