_sidebar.md, before:

- [Home](/)
- Player Characters
	- [Amon-Ra](/player_characters/Amon-Ra.md)
	- [Diamondback](/player_characters/Diamondback.md)
	- [Double Time](player_characters/Double_Time.md)
	- [Faceless](player_characters/Faceless.md)
	- [Professor_Polar](player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)
	- [Shard](player_characters/Shard.md)
	- [Zoltan](player_characters/Zoltan.md)
- Locations
	- [Shard's Laboratory](locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Shards_Laboratory.md)
	- [Vanguard Headquarters](locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Brooklyn/Vanguard_Headquarters.md)
- Non-Player Characters
	- Allies
		- [God of Wisdom](npcs/other/God_of_Wisdom.md)
		- [Ka-Pow](npcs/friends_and_allies/Ka-Pow.md)
		- [Lt. Dan Davis](npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md)
		- [Madam Dannica](npcs/friends_and_allies/Madam_Dannica.md)
		- [Tarraingteacht](npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)
	- Enemies
		- [Martians](npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md)
	- Uncertain
		- [The Emissary](npcs/other/The_Emissary.md)
- Organizations
	- [British_SOE](organizations/British_Government/British_SOE.md)
	- [FBI](organizations/US_Government/FBI.md)
	- [Those Who See](organizations/Those_Who_See.md)
	- [Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)
- Sessions
	- War of the Worlds
		- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
		- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
		- [Issue 003 -- Battle of New Brunswick (War of the Worlds Part 3)](sessions/Issue-003.md)
- Headlines
	- [October 1938](headlines/Headlines_10_1938.md)
	- [November 1938](headlines/Headlines_11_1938.md)

Commit message:

Issue 004
Session 4 and its associated items.

_sidebar.md, after:

- [Home](/)
- Player Characters
	- [Amon-Ra](/player_characters/Amon-Ra.md)
	- [Diamondback](/player_characters/Diamondback.md)
	- [Double Time](player_characters/Double_Time.md)
	- [Faceless](player_characters/Faceless.md)
	- [Professor_Polar](player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)
	- [Shard](player_characters/Shard.md)
	- [Zoltan](player_characters/Zoltan.md)
- Locations
	- [Shard's Laboratory](locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Shards_Laboratory.md)
	- [Vanguard Headquarters](locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Brooklyn/Vanguard_Headquarters.md)
- Non-Player Characters
	- Allies
		- [God of Wisdom](npcs/other/God_of_Wisdom.md)
		- [Ka-Pow](npcs/friends_and_allies/Ka-Pow.md)
		- [Lt. Dan Davis](npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md)
		- [Madam Dannica](npcs/friends_and_allies/Madam_Dannica.md)
		- [Tarraingteacht](npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)
	- Enemies
		- [Martians](npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md)
	- Uncertain
		- [The Emissary](npcs/other/The_Emissary.md)
- Organizations
	- [British_SOE](organizations/British_Government/British_SOE.md)
	- [FBI](organizations/US_Government/FBI.md)
	- [Those Who See](organizations/Those_Who_See.md)
	- [Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)
- Sessions
	- War of the Worlds
		- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
		- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
		- [Issue 003 -- Battle of New Brunswick (War of the Worlds Part 3)](sessions/Issue-003.md)
		- [Issue 004 -- A Lull in the Storm (War of the Worlds Part 4)](sessions/Issue-004.md)
- Headlines
	- [October 1938](headlines/Headlines_10_1938.md)
	- [November 1938](headlines/Headlines_11_1938.md)
