items/Martian_Tripod.md, before:

---
type: item
---
# Martian Tripod

Tank-like [Martian](/npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md) vehicle that walks on three legs.

![|480](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f2/6d/e1/f26de1d5732cbca2d4de1f5452542500.jpg)

## Details
Standing over 80 feet tall on their tripodal legs, these massive war machines proved to be more than the conventional military could handle.  Completely impervious to small arms; even anti-tank weaponry could barely make a dent.  It was up to the superheroes of the time to bring these titanic war machines down.

Their primary armament consisted of a larger version of the [Martian Personal Heat Ray](Martian_Heat_Ray.md) that was capable of melting through conventional tank armor in mere seconds.  Approximately one out of every 3 or 4 tripods was instead armed with the dreaded [Black Smoke Launcher](Black_Smoke_Launcher.md).  This device unleased a cloud of deadly necrotizing gas that would kill a full grown man in less than a minute.  Those few who did manage to survive the gas were invariably left with massive lung damage.

Smaller tripods, roughly one-half the size, were armed with smaller versions of the heat ray and net casters that were used in capturing human victims.

It has been noted that the crystal view-port on the front of the hull is not as resilient as the hull's armor.  While it is still resistant to small-arms fire, [Double-Time](/player_characters/Double_Time.md) has been able to damage this viewing port on multiple occasions.

## Appearances
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](/sessions/Issue-001.md)

<!--
Various militaries have a few intact versions of these war machines and are attempting to reverse-engineer them.

Germany and Russia are the furthest along.

Germany has started retrofitting a few tanks with additional armor pulled from the tripods and they have a few tanks with heat cannon attached.  However, they only have enough power the fire the cannon a few times.

Russians have made similar strides, though they've not been as successful with the cannon.

The U.S. has managed to re-form some of the Martian armor into personal body armor for their super soldier program.
-->

Commit message:

Issue 002
Uploaded second session and related items.

items/Martian_Tripod.md, after:

---
type: item
---
# Martian Tripod

Tank-like [Martian](/npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md) vehicle that walks on three legs.

![|480](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/f2/6d/e1/f26de1d5732cbca2d4de1f5452542500.jpg)

## Details
Standing over 80 feet tall on their tripodal legs, these massive war machines proved to be more than the conventional military could handle.  Completely impervious to small arms; even anti-tank weaponry could barely make a dent.  It was up to the superheroes of the time to bring these titanic war machines down.

Their primary armament consisted of a larger version of the [Martian Personal Heat Ray](Martian_Heat_Ray.md) that was capable of melting through conventional tank armor in mere seconds.  Approximately one out of every 3 or 4 tripods was instead armed with the dreaded [Black Smoke Launcher](Black_Smoke_Launcher.md).  This device unleased a cloud of deadly necrotizing gas that would kill a full grown man in less than a minute.  Those few who did manage to survive the gas were invariably left with massive lung damage.

Smaller tripods, roughly one-half the size, were armed with smaller versions of the heat ray and net casters that were used in capturing human victims.

It has been noted that the crystal view-port on the front of the hull is not as resilient as the hull's armor.  While it is still resistant to small-arms fire, [Double-Time](/player_characters/Double_Time.md) has been able to damage this viewing port on multiple occasions.

## Appearances
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](/sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)

<!--
Various militaries have a few intact versions of these war machines and are attempting to reverse-engineer them.

Germany and Russia are the furthest along.

Germany has started retrofitting a few tanks with additional armor pulled from the tripods and they have a few tanks with heat cannon attached.  However, they only have enough power the fire the cannon a few times.

Russians have made similar strides, though they've not been as successful with the cannon.

The U.S. has managed to re-form some of the Martian armor into personal body armor for their super soldier program.
-->
