sessions/Issue-001.md, before:

---
type: session
---
# Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)

A mysterious flash in the sky on Halloween night heralds the coming of an unearthly threat and beyond-human defenders.

- [Story Arc](#Story%20Arc)
- [Campaign Dates](#Campaign%20Dates)
- [Session Date](#Session%20Date)
- [Full Summary](#Full%20Summary)
- [Participants](#Participants)
- [Locations](#Locations)
- [Items](#Items)
- [Related](#Related)
- [Previous Issue](#Previous%20Issue)
- [Next Issue](#Next%20Issue)

## Story Arc
[War_of_the_Worlds](/story_arcs/War_of_the_Worlds.md)

## Campaign Dates
10/31/1938 to 11/1/1938

### Session Date
11/11/2017

## Full Summary
The Antonova family, rich industrialists living on [Staten Island](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Staten_Island.md) in [New York City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md), throw a masked charity ball for Halloween. They have hired [Zoltan the Magnificent](/player_characters/Zoltan.md) as the evening’s entertainment. Guests include Aoife Stewart (aka [Tarraingteacht](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)), who is attending with [Sir Mansel of Muddlescrombe](/npcs/friends_and_allies/government/Mansel_Muddlescrombe.md), the British Ambassador; Michael Smith (aka [Faceless](/player_characters/Faceless.md)), currently posing as “Larry” and wearing the best Frankenstein’s Creature costume anyone has ever seen; Sean Gorman (aka [Professor Polar](/player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)), who was invited as a member of the scientific community; and Ben Walker (aka [Double Time](/player_characters/Double_Time.md)), who is accompanying his employer, [Dr. Reginald Reeds](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md).

Zoltan gives one of the most amazing magical performances anyone has ever seen, including the levitation of [Diamondback](/player_characters/Diamondback.md) off of a table. However, while the magic is amazing, his patter could use a little refinement. Still, his tricks are so amazing almost no one cares and Alessandra asks if she can put him on “retainer” for all her future social functions. As the Antonova family has been quite generous with his pay, he’s more than willing to accept.

After the evening’s performance, many guests move out onto the balcony or simply relax by the windows for a lovely view of the river and city skyline. Suddenly, a flash and streak of light startles many guests. A few minutes later, a rumbling (almost like distant thunder) can be heard coming from the west. Professor Polar estimates that it was likely a meteor and probably landed somewhere out in New Jersey, prompting a few jokes at New Jersey’s expense from the guests. Finally, around 10 pm, the party wraps up.

Double-Time runs out to New Jersey to try to find the impact site. After a bit of effort, he does eventually track it down and sees several townsfolk and the local police standing around a crater. As the land is fairly flat, he’s not able to get a look over the lip of the crater so he tries to sneak closer. Unfortunately, he trips on a stray branch and is discovered by one of the senior officers. He manages to pass himself off as a kid out late after a Halloween party and is sent home after learning that the crater wasn’t anything like what the officer had seen during the [Great War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_I).

The following morning, anyone who is near a TV or radio hears a news report about some sort of attack out near [Grover's Mill, NJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grovers_Mill,_New_Jersey) and that the [U.S. National Guard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Guard_(United_States)) have been called in.

Professor Polar and Zoltan are surprised to run into each other at the train station, both apparently travelling out to New Jersey at a time when most commuter traffic is going the other way. The Antonova Sisters take one of the family cars to drive on out. Faceless takes a personal day from work and also drives out to Grover's Mill. Double-Time begs off from work, citing having family out near Grover’s Mill. His boss, Dr. Reeds, isn’t happy but agrees after insisting that Ben will have to make up the time and that his pay is going to be docked for the missed day of work. Ben arrives at the train station just as Prof Polar and Zoltan are boarding the train.

Tarraingteacht has problems getting away from work, but ends up receiving a coded telegram from her handlers informing her that she needs to head out to the Grover’s Mill as they are concerned that this might be some sort of attack by [Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany) or local [Nazi](Nazi%20Party) sympathizers.

Faceless, on his way to Grover’s Mill, comes across a police road block. He learns that the public is being kept away as the situation is dangerous. He uses his [FBI](/organizations/US_Government/FBI.md) credentials and a good bluff to get past.

The Antonova Sisters are the next to encounter a police road block. Rather than trying to bluff their way past, they turn back and hide their car out of sight of the police. They each don a mask from the previous night’s party along with a cape to hide their clothing. Once attired, they proceed to make their way ‘on foot’ through the fields and forests. [Shard](/player_characters/Shard.md) barely manages to retain her breakfast while riding piggyback on her sister as she leaps and bounds toward Grover's Mill.

Double-Time, Professor Polar and Zoltan, after discovering that they are all heading to Grover's Mill, agree to share a cab. When they reach the road block, Zoltan somehow bluffs his way past the police using a blank piece of paper and an unconvincing story about working for the government. Everyone is perplexed, especially the cab driver, [Benny_Martin](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Benny_Martin.md). Prof Polar did note the strange hand gestures, almost like some kind of code, being used by Zoltan during the whole exchange.

Tarraingteacht doesn’t bother with the roads and chooses to fly toward town, staying low to the fields and trees to slip by the road blocks.

Faceless is the first to reach town, finding it apparently deserted. Off in the distance, he hears the sounds of occasional gunfire and starts driving in that direction. The Antonova sisters arrive next, and spot Faceless’s car; the only sign of life in town so they start following it. After getting out of sight of town, Faceless pulls to the side of the road and takes off running.

Diamondback, still carrying her sister, is surprised by this, but proceeds to run after him. She finds she doesn’t have to worry about over-taking him as Faceless well outpaces her own considerable running speed. The sisters are well flabbergasted how some random person in an obviously off-the-rack business suit could possibly be that fast. Also, what the heck is he doing out here?

The DZP trio’s cab pulls into town and they too hear the cracking sounds in the distance, though they have no idea what it is. They instruct Benny to head in that direction.

Tarraingteacht flies into the deserted town. She recognizes the distant sounds as gunfire. Flying up to the tree tops, she sees some smoke off in the same direction and cautiously flies in that direction.

Eventually, Faceless reaches a farm a few miles outside town. He sees a large group of soldiers have taken cover in an irrigation ditch a couple dozen yards away from a large crater that he cannot see into. They take the occasional shot at the crater, apparently trying to keep whatever is in there from coming out. He watches for a bit, not being seen by the soldiers who are otherwise occupied and spots some sort of box-like thing on a pair of poles rise up over the lip of the crater. There’s a flash of light as the soldiers duck their heads and a new patch of underbrush starts smoldering, then the soldiers return fire and the box retreats. He decides to sneak around to the side of the crater opposite the soldiers and lowers himself below the crater’s berm to avoid stray gunfire and starts crawling in. Also, by staying below the berm, the soldiers can’t see him.

When the Antonova sisters arrive to see the same scene, they immediately head toward the soldiers, not noticing Faceless out in the field. One of the soldiers, a Sergeant by the stripes, breaks from the line to confront them, demanding to know what they’re doing here. Diamondback, wearing one of last night’s Halloween masks and a cape (as is her sister), insists that they’re here to help. The Sergeant, who can’t believe the audacity (or stupidity) of these civilians orders a corporal to “get them the hell out of here.”

During the argument, The DPZ trio’s cab pull up, much to the further consternation of the sergeant. Professor Polar, in spite of the chaotic scene, spots a man crawling through the mud toward the crater in a suit. Zoltan instructs Benny to wait for them back in town and then tries the same trick on the Sergeant that he’d used to get past the police road block. However, the mind of the Sergeant is too filled with anger and anxiety over the current situation to be so easily dissuaded. As this goes on, Prof Polar heads toward the tree line and starts pulling various gadgets out of his sack. Double-Time stands by in awe of what’s going on.

Tarraingteacht walks up through the trees and spots Professor Polar with his odd gadgets just as she sees the soldiers, the crater, Zoltan and the Antonova sisters in a ditch and arguing with the sergeant. Prof Polar puts on some strange goggles to look at the crater and sees what looks like an over-sized camera-like device being held by a pair of tentacles(?) pop up over the rim of the crater. The sergeant shouts for everyone to get down and most everyone hits the deck. Shard throws her hand out in the direction of the crater and a mass of crystal shards flies out of her hand just as a flash goes off from the device. Near Prof Polar and  Tarraingteacht, another section of underbrush catches fire. Just after, the mass of crystals gather together to form a wall nearly 35 feet long between the soldiers and whatever is in the crater.

Professor Polar pulls out a strange pistol-like device and sprays some sort of blue-white ray over the underbrush. There’s an intense chill around him but the underbrush suddenly cools and stops smoldering and burning. Diamondback closes her eyes for a moment and crystals seem to grow over her skin. She then leaps toward the crater to get a better look at what’s inside. From the angle of her leap, she can see a large metallic disk at the bottom of the crater and just inside the berm are a group of strange blobby figures covered in some sort of tentacles.

Just after she lands, the disk opens up and a large tank-like frame mounted on a trio of stilts rises up out of what is now obviously a mostly buried cylinder. The [Tripod](/items/Martian_Tripod.md) continues to rise up and up, taller than the nearby two-story barn.

A massive battle ensues between our heroes and the national guardsmen against the creatures and tripod inside the crater. The soldiers find their own firepower useless against the tripod as bullets, even from the .30 caliber machine guns, are unable to penetrate its hull. Likewise, once a bazooka shell finally hits, it fails to penetrate the hull. Our heroes fare a little better, with Diamondback’s strength,  Tarraingteacht’s magnetic manipulations and Professor Polar’s cold beams able to do at least slight damage to the tripod. After seeing that the heroes are the only ones able to harm the alien tank, [Lt. Dan Davis](/npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md) orders his men to concentrate their firepower on the tentacled aliens.

Meanwhile, Zoltan and Double-Time dedicate themselves to taking out the tentacled creatures. Zoltan finds the creatures minds too ‘slippery’ to get a good ‘grip’ on and resorts to wrapping them up in mystical ribbon (complete with a pretty bow).

The aliens’ [heat rays](/items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md) prove equally ineffectual against Diamondback and are unable to even hit almost anyone else. The [Martian Tripod's](/items/Martian_Tripod.md) more massive heat ray, however, literally evaporates a portion of Shard’s crystal wall, and she quickly has to reinforce it to continue protecting the soldiers. 

At one point, Professor Polar channels extra power through his odd ray gun, managing to not only seriously damage the Tripod but actually send it staggering back several meters before it falls over at Faceless’s feet (who’d been trying to sneak up behind the aliens). Faceless manages to, quite literally, hammer the tripod before it staggers back to its feet and punt him a short distance (the most damage done to the group thus far). This is followed by Diamondback executing a screaming charge at one of the tripod’s legs as the rest of the group launches every full-strength attack they have at the monster machine. Diamondback slams into one leg, sending the war machine staggering again and various beams, tractor parts and crystalline shards slam into it, knocking it back down. Alas, Diamondback impacts so hard that she nearly knocks herself unconscious. As the alien machine once again staggers upright, only two of its three legs still functioning, Prof Polar delivers the killing blow. 

The rest of the group and the guardsmen mop up the remaining aliens with little trouble. The only real injury from the conflict was one soldier with second degree burns and some shrapnel from when the tripod shattered Shard’s wall. All-in-all an astounding result considering the alien’s superior weaponry.

In the aftermath, just as Lt. Davis is thanking the heroes for their help, he receives a report from HQ about more cylinders impacting and releasing the alien tripods all over.

## Participants
- [Benny Martin](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Benny_Martin.md)
- [Diamondback](/player_characters/Diamondback.md)
- [Double_Time](/player_characters/Double_Time.md)
- [Lt. Dan Davis](/npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md)
- [Martians](/npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md)
- [National Guard](/organizations/US_Government/US_National_Guard.md)
- [Professor_Polar](/player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)
- [Reginald_Reeds](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md)
- [Shard](/player_characters/Shard.md)
- [Sir Mansel of Muddlescrombe](/npcs/friends_and_allies/government/Mansel_Muddlescrombe.md)
- [Tarraingteacht](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)
- [Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)
- [Zoltan](/player_characters/Zoltan.md)

## Locations
- [Antonova_Estate](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Antonova_Estate.md)
- [Grovers_Mill](/locations/New%20Jersey/Grovers_Mill.md)
- [New_York_City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md)
- [Staten_Island](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Staten_Island.md)

## Items
- [Martian_Heat_Ray](items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md)
- [Martian_Landing_Pod](items/Martian_Landing_Pod.md)
- [Martian_Tripod](items/Martian_Tripod.md)

## Related
- [Headlines_10_1938](/headlines/Headlines_10_1938.md)
- [Headlines_11_1938](/headlines/Headlines_11_1938.md)

## Previous Issue
none

## Next Issue

Commit message:

Issue 002
Uploaded second session and related items.

sessions/Issue-001.md, after:

---
type: session
---
# Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)

A mysterious flash in the sky on Halloween night heralds the coming of an unearthly threat and beyond-human defenders.

- [Story Arc](#Story%20Arc)
- [Campaign Dates](#Campaign%20Dates)
- [Session Date](#Session%20Date)
- [Full Summary](#Full%20Summary)
- [Participants](#Participants)
- [Locations](#Locations)
- [Items](#Items)
- [Related](#Related)
- [Previous Issue](#Previous%20Issue)
- [Next Issue](#Next%20Issue)

## Story Arc
[War_of_the_Worlds](/story_arcs/War_of_the_Worlds.md)

## Campaign Dates
10/31/1938 to 11/1/1938

### Session Date
11/11/2017

## Full Summary
The Antonova family, rich industrialists living on [Staten Island](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Staten_Island.md) in [New York City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md), throw a masked charity ball for Halloween. They have hired [Zoltan the Magnificent](/player_characters/Zoltan.md) as the evening’s entertainment. Guests include Aoife Stewart (aka [Tarraingteacht](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)), who is attending with [Sir Mansel of Muddlescrombe](/npcs/friends_and_allies/government/Mansel_Muddlescrombe.md), the British Ambassador; Michael Smith (aka [Faceless](/player_characters/Faceless.md)), currently posing as “Larry” and wearing the best Frankenstein’s Creature costume anyone has ever seen; Sean Gorman (aka [Professor Polar](/player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)), who was invited as a member of the scientific community; and Ben Walker (aka [Double Time](/player_characters/Double_Time.md)), who is accompanying his employer, [Dr. Reginald Reeds](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md).

Zoltan gives one of the most amazing magical performances anyone has ever seen, including the levitation of [Diamondback](/player_characters/Diamondback.md) off of a table. However, while the magic is amazing, his patter could use a little refinement. Still, his tricks are so amazing almost no one cares and Alessandra asks if she can put him on “retainer” for all her future social functions. As the Antonova family has been quite generous with his pay, he’s more than willing to accept.

After the evening’s performance, many guests move out onto the balcony or simply relax by the windows for a lovely view of the river and city skyline. Suddenly, a flash and streak of light startles many guests. A few minutes later, a rumbling (almost like distant thunder) can be heard coming from the west. Professor Polar estimates that it was likely a meteor and probably landed somewhere out in New Jersey, prompting a few jokes at New Jersey’s expense from the guests. Finally, around 10 pm, the party wraps up.

Double-Time runs out to New Jersey to try to find the impact site. After a bit of effort, he does eventually track it down and sees several townsfolk and the local police standing around a crater. As the land is fairly flat, he’s not able to get a look over the lip of the crater so he tries to sneak closer. Unfortunately, he trips on a stray branch and is discovered by one of the senior officers. He manages to pass himself off as a kid out late after a Halloween party and is sent home after learning that the crater wasn’t anything like what the officer had seen during the [Great War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_I).

The following morning, anyone who is near a TV or radio hears a news report about some sort of attack out near [Grover's Mill, NJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grovers_Mill,_New_Jersey) and that the [U.S. National Guard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Guard_(United_States)) have been called in.

Professor Polar and Zoltan are surprised to run into each other at the train station, both apparently travelling out to New Jersey at a time when most commuter traffic is going the other way. The Antonova Sisters take one of the family cars to drive on out. Faceless takes a personal day from work and also drives out to Grover's Mill. Double-Time begs off from work, citing having family out near Grover’s Mill. His boss, Dr. Reeds, isn’t happy but agrees after insisting that Ben will have to make up the time and that his pay is going to be docked for the missed day of work. Ben arrives at the train station just as Prof Polar and Zoltan are boarding the train.

Tarraingteacht has problems getting away from work, but ends up receiving a coded telegram from her handlers informing her that she needs to head out to the Grover’s Mill as they are concerned that this might be some sort of attack by [Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany) or local [Nazi](Nazi%20Party) sympathizers.

Faceless, on his way to Grover’s Mill, comes across a police road block. He learns that the public is being kept away as the situation is dangerous. He uses his [FBI](/organizations/US_Government/FBI.md) credentials and a good bluff to get past.

The Antonova Sisters are the next to encounter a police road block. Rather than trying to bluff their way past, they turn back and hide their car out of sight of the police. They each don a mask from the previous night’s party along with a cape to hide their clothing. Once attired, they proceed to make their way ‘on foot’ through the fields and forests. [Shard](/player_characters/Shard.md) barely manages to retain her breakfast while riding piggyback on her sister as she leaps and bounds toward Grover's Mill.

Double-Time, Professor Polar and Zoltan, after discovering that they are all heading to Grover's Mill, agree to share a cab. When they reach the road block, Zoltan somehow bluffs his way past the police using a blank piece of paper and an unconvincing story about working for the government. Everyone is perplexed, especially the cab driver, [Benny_Martin](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Benny_Martin.md). Prof Polar did note the strange hand gestures, almost like some kind of code, being used by Zoltan during the whole exchange.

Tarraingteacht doesn’t bother with the roads and chooses to fly toward town, staying low to the fields and trees to slip by the road blocks.

Faceless is the first to reach town, finding it apparently deserted. Off in the distance, he hears the sounds of occasional gunfire and starts driving in that direction. The Antonova sisters arrive next, and spot Faceless’s car; the only sign of life in town so they start following it. After getting out of sight of town, Faceless pulls to the side of the road and takes off running.

Diamondback, still carrying her sister, is surprised by this, but proceeds to run after him. She finds she doesn’t have to worry about over-taking him as Faceless well outpaces her own considerable running speed. The sisters are well flabbergasted how some random person in an obviously off-the-rack business suit could possibly be that fast. Also, what the heck is he doing out here?

The DZP trio’s cab pulls into town and they too hear the cracking sounds in the distance, though they have no idea what it is. They instruct Benny to head in that direction.

Tarraingteacht flies into the deserted town. She recognizes the distant sounds as gunfire. Flying up to the tree tops, she sees some smoke off in the same direction and cautiously flies in that direction.

Eventually, Faceless reaches a farm a few miles outside town. He sees a large group of soldiers have taken cover in an irrigation ditch a couple dozen yards away from a large crater that he cannot see into. They take the occasional shot at the crater, apparently trying to keep whatever is in there from coming out. He watches for a bit, not being seen by the soldiers who are otherwise occupied and spots some sort of box-like thing on a pair of poles rise up over the lip of the crater. There’s a flash of light as the soldiers duck their heads and a new patch of underbrush starts smoldering, then the soldiers return fire and the box retreats. He decides to sneak around to the side of the crater opposite the soldiers and lowers himself below the crater’s berm to avoid stray gunfire and starts crawling in. Also, by staying below the berm, the soldiers can’t see him.

When the Antonova sisters arrive to see the same scene, they immediately head toward the soldiers, not noticing Faceless out in the field. One of the soldiers, a Sergeant by the stripes, breaks from the line to confront them, demanding to know what they’re doing here. Diamondback, wearing one of last night’s Halloween masks and a cape (as is her sister), insists that they’re here to help. The Sergeant, who can’t believe the audacity (or stupidity) of these civilians orders a corporal to “get them the hell out of here.”

During the argument, The DPZ trio’s cab pull up, much to the further consternation of the sergeant. Professor Polar, in spite of the chaotic scene, spots a man crawling through the mud toward the crater in a suit. Zoltan instructs Benny to wait for them back in town and then tries the same trick on the Sergeant that he’d used to get past the police road block. However, the mind of the Sergeant is too filled with anger and anxiety over the current situation to be so easily dissuaded. As this goes on, Prof Polar heads toward the tree line and starts pulling various gadgets out of his sack. Double-Time stands by in awe of what’s going on.

Tarraingteacht walks up through the trees and spots Professor Polar with his odd gadgets just as she sees the soldiers, the crater, Zoltan and the Antonova sisters in a ditch and arguing with the sergeant. Prof Polar puts on some strange goggles to look at the crater and sees what looks like an over-sized camera-like device being held by a pair of tentacles(?) pop up over the rim of the crater. The sergeant shouts for everyone to get down and most everyone hits the deck. Shard throws her hand out in the direction of the crater and a mass of crystal shards flies out of her hand just as a flash goes off from the device. Near Prof Polar and  Tarraingteacht, another section of underbrush catches fire. Just after, the mass of crystals gather together to form a wall nearly 35 feet long between the soldiers and whatever is in the crater.

Professor Polar pulls out a strange pistol-like device and sprays some sort of blue-white ray over the underbrush. There’s an intense chill around him but the underbrush suddenly cools and stops smoldering and burning. Diamondback closes her eyes for a moment and crystals seem to grow over her skin. She then leaps toward the crater to get a better look at what’s inside. From the angle of her leap, she can see a large metallic disk at the bottom of the crater and just inside the berm are a group of strange blobby figures covered in some sort of tentacles.

Just after she lands, the disk opens up and a large tank-like frame mounted on a trio of stilts rises up out of what is now obviously a mostly buried cylinder. The [Tripod](/items/Martian_Tripod.md) continues to rise up and up, taller than the nearby two-story barn.

A massive battle ensues between our heroes and the national guardsmen against the creatures and tripod inside the crater. The soldiers find their own firepower useless against the tripod as bullets, even from the .30 caliber machine guns, are unable to penetrate its hull. Likewise, once a bazooka shell finally hits, it fails to penetrate the hull. Our heroes fare a little better, with Diamondback’s strength,  Tarraingteacht’s magnetic manipulations and Professor Polar’s cold beams able to do at least slight damage to the tripod. After seeing that the heroes are the only ones able to harm the alien tank, [Lt. Dan Davis](/npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md) orders his men to concentrate their firepower on the tentacled aliens.

Meanwhile, Zoltan and Double-Time dedicate themselves to taking out the tentacled creatures. Zoltan finds the creatures minds too ‘slippery’ to get a good ‘grip’ on and resorts to wrapping them up in mystical ribbon (complete with a pretty bow).

The aliens’ [heat rays](/items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md) prove equally ineffectual against Diamondback and are unable to even hit almost anyone else. The [Martian Tripod's](/items/Martian_Tripod.md) more massive heat ray, however, literally evaporates a portion of Shard’s crystal wall, and she quickly has to reinforce it to continue protecting the soldiers. 

At one point, Professor Polar channels extra power through his odd ray gun, managing to not only seriously damage the Tripod but actually send it staggering back several meters before it falls over at Faceless’s feet (who’d been trying to sneak up behind the aliens). Faceless manages to, quite literally, hammer the tripod before it staggers back to its feet and punt him a short distance (the most damage done to the group thus far). This is followed by Diamondback executing a screaming charge at one of the tripod’s legs as the rest of the group launches every full-strength attack they have at the monster machine. Diamondback slams into one leg, sending the war machine staggering again and various beams, tractor parts and crystalline shards slam into it, knocking it back down. Alas, Diamondback impacts so hard that she nearly knocks herself unconscious. As the alien machine once again staggers upright, only two of its three legs still functioning, Prof Polar delivers the killing blow. 

The rest of the group and the guardsmen mop up the remaining aliens with little trouble. The only real injury from the conflict was one soldier with second degree burns and some shrapnel from when the tripod shattered Shard’s wall. All-in-all an astounding result considering the alien’s superior weaponry.

In the aftermath, just as Lt. Davis is thanking the heroes for their help, he receives a report from HQ about more cylinders impacting and releasing the alien tripods all over.

## Participants
- [Benny Martin](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Benny_Martin.md)
- [Diamondback](/player_characters/Diamondback.md)
- [Double_Time](/player_characters/Double_Time.md)
- [Lt. Dan Davis](/npcs/friends_and_allies/military/Dan_Davis.md)
- [Martians](/npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md)
- [National Guard](/organizations/US_Government/US_National_Guard.md)
- [Professor_Polar](/player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)
- [Reginald_Reeds](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md)
- [Shard](/player_characters/Shard.md)
- [Sir Mansel of Muddlescrombe](/npcs/friends_and_allies/government/Mansel_Muddlescrombe.md)
- [Tarraingteacht](/npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)
- [Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)
- [Zoltan](/player_characters/Zoltan.md)

## Locations
- [Antonova_Estate](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Antonova_Estate.md)
- [Grovers_Mill](locations/New_Jersey/Grovers_Mill.md)
- [New_York_City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md)
- [Staten_Island](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/Staten_Island/Staten_Island.md)

## Items
- [Martian_Heat_Ray](items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md)
- [Martian_Landing_Pod](items/Martian_Landing_Pod.md)
- [Martian_Tripod](items/Martian_Tripod.md)

## Related
- [Headlines_10_1938](/headlines/Headlines_10_1938.md)
- [Headlines_11_1938](/headlines/Headlines_11_1938.md)

## Previous Issue
none

## Next Issue
[Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
