story_arcs/War_of_the_Worlds.md, before:

---
type: story-arc
---
# War of the Worlds

In November of 1938, aliens from Mars invaded the earth.  As the military did not have the hardware necessary to fight the advanced alien war machines, it was up to the superheroes of the time (such as Vanguard and the Guardians of Freedom) to fend off this menace.

- [Campaign Dates](#Campaign%20Dates)
- [Participants](#Participants)
- [Locations](#Locations)
- [Items](#Items)
- [Related](#Related)
- [Sessions](#Sessions)

## Campaign Dates
10/31/1938 to MM/dd/yyyy

## Participants
- [Martians](npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md)
- [U.S. National Guard](organizations/US_Government/US_National_Guard.md)
- [Vanguard](organizations/Vanguard.md)

## Locations
- [Grover's Mill, NJ](locations/New%20Jersey/Grovers_Mill.md)

## Items
- [Martian Heat Ray](items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md)
- [Martian Landing Pod](items/Martian_Landing_Pod.md)
- [Martian Tripod](items/Martian_Tripod.md)

## Related


## Sessions
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)

Commit message:

Issue 002
Uploaded second session and related items.

story_arcs/War_of_the_Worlds.md, after:

---
type: story-arc
---
# War of the Worlds

In November of 1938, aliens from Mars invaded the earth.  As the military did not have the hardware necessary to fight the advanced alien war machines, it was up to the superheroes of the time (such as Vanguard and the Guardians of Freedom) to fend off this menace.

- [Campaign Dates](#Campaign%20Dates)
- [Participants](#Participants)
- [Locations](#Locations)
- [Items](#Items)
- [Related](#Related)
- [Sessions](#Sessions)

## Campaign Dates
10/31/1938 to MM/dd/yyyy

## Participants
- [Martians](npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md)
- [U.S. National Guard](organizations/US_Government/US_National_Guard.md)
- [Vanguard](organizations/Vanguard.md)

## Locations
- [Grover's Mill, NJ](locations/New_Jersey/Grovers_Mill.md)

## Items
- [Martian Heat Ray](items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md)
- [Martian Landing Pod](items/Martian_Landing_Pod.md)
- [Martian Tripod](items/Martian_Tripod.md)

## Related


## Sessions
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
