player_characters/Double_Time.md, before:

---
type: pc
---
<!--
type: player-character
created-by:
-->
# Double-Time!

As a young lab assistant, Ben, was caught in a lab accident during a strange experiment.  Afterward, he found himself possessed of phenomenal speed.  Able to outrace cars and trains, Ben knows he must use his powers for good even if he's not always clear on how.  Steadfast if a little inexperienced, he views his powers as a great gift and plans to make the best use of them that he can.

![Double-Time](../images/Double-Time.jpg)

[Character Sheet](https://legends-of-the-golden-age.github.io/LotGA/pdf/Double-Time.pdf)

- [AKA](#AKA)
- [Appearance](#Appearance)
- [Personality](#Personality)
- [Origin](#Origin)
- [Powers](#Powers)
- [Notes](#Notes)
- [Allies](#Allies)
- [Associates](../npcs/friends_and_allies/fbi/Lawrence_Alexander_Williams.md#Associates)
- [Birthplace](#Birthplace)
- [Enemies](#Enemies)
- [Home](#Home)
- [Property](#Property)
- [Memberships](#Memberships)
- [Relations](#Relations)
- [Rivals](#Rivals)
- [Visited](#Visited)
- [Adventures](#Adventures)

## AKA:
Ben Walker

## Appearance 
Trait | Description
-- | --
Hair: | Brown
Eyes: | Brown
Height: | 6' 7"
Weight: | 142 lbs
Gender: | Male
Born: | 1910
Notes: | Ben is tall with brown eyes and sandy-brown hair. Due to his hyper metabolism, he struggles to keep his weight up (he has a BMI of 16 – undernourished) despite eating almost constantly. As DoubleTime! he wears a tight-fitting green-and brown costume that provides some protection against attacks, plus brown gloves and a black mask. As Ben he favors blue jeans and grey t-shirts.

## Personality
Originally Ben was a naïve and happy-go-lucky person, determined to use his powers to further the American Way of life. This once led him to (completely innocently) approach Alessandra Antonova and say, “Quick, I need a girl! Preferably a pretty one!” Since waking from a second Atlantean-caused coma, he has become obsessed with using Science! (hypothesis – experiment – results – conclusion) to approach every situation; as a result he tends to form a hypothesis or use someone else’s hypothesis as a basis to determine a suitable test in every situation. He has a definite bias for action. Ben is happiest when he is hel-PING! (long story).

## Origin
“Ben.” 

“Yes, Dr. Reeds?!” 

“I’m attending a scientific conference this evening, and I need you to monitor my latest experiment. Keep the containment temperature in the green range marked on the thermometer. If it gets too low, open this valve more to provide more coolant flow, if it gets too high, close the valve more. Under no circumstance allow it to get up into the red zone.” 

Ben listened raptly. An orphan, he had been fostered by Dr. Reeds and was eventually allowed to become a lab assistant to the eminent scientist. Now at age 18 he almost worshiped the man. And tonight he was entrusted with monitoring an experiment for the first time!

Ben followed his instructions diligently for several hours. He heard a sharp -crack- from the door behind him just as he was about to open the valve to lower containment temperature. He turned… a bolt of… -something- hit him in the torso and another sped past him to hit the containment vessel. In pain, he saw a shadowed figure at the door… was that the glint of some type of insignia on the left shoulder? No time to think about that; he fell to his hands and knees as he turned back to the experiment… temperature was shooting up to the red zone… he had to follow instructions and open the valve… he could not let Dr. Reeds down… but it felt like he was swimming in mud… he reached out a trembling hand as temperature went into the red. The experiment exploded. As Ben lost consciousness his last thought was, “I wasn’t fast enough”.

When Ben woke from the coma, everything around him seemed to have slowed down. He eventually learned that the world was normal; HE had sped up. Well then, he would use his newfound powers for America! And also be the best lab assistant in the world to atone for his great failure. He still doesn’t know what group was behind the attack on Dr. Reed’s experiment.

## Powers
- Compressed-Air Punch*
- Punching Groups*
- Quick Healing
- Running Up Walls and Over Water*
- Super Speed*
- Throwing Mud*

<sub><sup> * Known to the general public</sup></sub>

## Notes

### Allies
- [Amon-Ra](Amon-Ra.md)
- [Diamondback](Diamondback.md)
- [Dr. Reginald Reeds](../npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md)
- [Faceless](Faceless.md)
- [Professor Polar](player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)
- [Shard](player_characters/Shard.md)
- [Tarraingteacht](../npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)
- [Zoltan](Zoltan.md)

### Associates
- Birog
- Brian Loganach
- Burt 'Barnstormer' Barlow
- Cpt. Brian Laganach
- Defenders of Justice
- Det. Beaumont
- Dr. Leanne Brzezicki
- [FBI](../organizations/US_Government/FBI.md)
- Guardians of Freedom
- Ka-Pow!
- Leo Lawrence
- Liberty Squad
- Lt. Liberty
- Lucy LaMonte
- Officer Fitz
- Officer Layne
- [Special Agent Lawrence Alexander Williams](../npcs/friends_and_allies/fbi/Lawrence_Alexander_Williams.md)
- Thomas 'Thunderhead' Russ
- U.S. Military

### Birthplace
[New_York_City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md)

### Enemies
- Atlanteans
- Black Fin
- Colletti Mob
- Der Rind
- Die Hexe
- Doc Macabre
- Dr. Johannas Wagner
- Fire Hawk
- Martians
- Nazis
- Schattenkrieger
- Steel Shark
- the Axis Legion
- the Cult of the Naga
- the Elemental Androids
- the Fascist Society of America
- the Knight of Crows
- the Serpent King
- the SuperMercs
- Tilingkoot
- Valusi

### Home
[New York City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md)

### Property

### Memberships
[Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)

### Relations
- [Reginald Reeds](../npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md) (foster father)

### Rivals
- Charles 'Speedy' Siegal

### Visited

## Adventures
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)

<!-- GM Notes
Things in here don't show up in normal viewing mode.
-->

Commit message:

Issue 003
Added issue 3 and its associated files.

player_characters/Double_Time.md, after:

---
type: pc
---
<!--
type: player-character
created-by:
-->
# Double-Time!

As a young lab assistant, Ben, was caught in a lab accident during a strange experiment.  Afterward, he found himself possessed of phenomenal speed.  Able to outrace cars and trains, Ben knows he must use his powers for good even if he's not always clear on how.  Steadfast if a little inexperienced, he views his powers as a great gift and plans to make the best use of them that he can.

![Double-Time](../images/Double-Time.jpg)

[Character Sheet](https://legends-of-the-golden-age.github.io/LotGA/pdf/Double-Time.pdf)

- [AKA](#AKA)
- [Appearance](#Appearance)
- [Personality](#Personality)
- [Origin](#Origin)
- [Powers](#Powers)
- [Notes](#Notes)
- [Allies](#Allies)
- [Associates](../npcs/friends_and_allies/fbi/Lawrence_Alexander_Williams.md#Associates)
- [Birthplace](#Birthplace)
- [Enemies](#Enemies)
- [Home](#Home)
- [Property](#Property)
- [Memberships](#Memberships)
- [Relations](#Relations)
- [Rivals](#Rivals)
- [Visited](#Visited)
- [Adventures](#Adventures)

## AKA:
Ben Walker

## Appearance 
Trait | Description
-- | --
Hair: | Brown
Eyes: | Brown
Height: | 6' 7"
Weight: | 142 lbs
Gender: | Male
Born: | 1910
Notes: | Ben is tall with brown eyes and sandy-brown hair. Due to his hyper metabolism, he struggles to keep his weight up (he has a BMI of 16 – undernourished) despite eating almost constantly. As DoubleTime! he wears a tight-fitting green-and brown costume that provides some protection against attacks, plus brown gloves and a black mask. As Ben he favors blue jeans and grey t-shirts.

## Personality
Originally Ben was a naïve and happy-go-lucky person, determined to use his powers to further the American Way of life. This once led him to (completely innocently) approach Alessandra Antonova and say, “Quick, I need a girl! Preferably a pretty one!” Since waking from a second Atlantean-caused coma, he has become obsessed with using Science! (hypothesis – experiment – results – conclusion) to approach every situation; as a result he tends to form a hypothesis or use someone else’s hypothesis as a basis to determine a suitable test in every situation. He has a definite bias for action. Ben is happiest when he is hel-PING! (long story).

## Origin
“Ben.” 

“Yes, Dr. Reeds?!” 

“I’m attending a scientific conference this evening, and I need you to monitor my latest experiment. Keep the containment temperature in the green range marked on the thermometer. If it gets too low, open this valve more to provide more coolant flow, if it gets too high, close the valve more. Under no circumstance allow it to get up into the red zone.” 

Ben listened raptly. An orphan, he had been fostered by Dr. Reeds and was eventually allowed to become a lab assistant to the eminent scientist. Now at age 18 he almost worshiped the man. And tonight he was entrusted with monitoring an experiment for the first time!

Ben followed his instructions diligently for several hours. He heard a sharp -crack- from the door behind him just as he was about to open the valve to lower containment temperature. He turned… a bolt of… -something- hit him in the torso and another sped past him to hit the containment vessel. In pain, he saw a shadowed figure at the door… was that the glint of some type of insignia on the left shoulder? No time to think about that; he fell to his hands and knees as he turned back to the experiment… temperature was shooting up to the red zone… he had to follow instructions and open the valve… he could not let Dr. Reeds down… but it felt like he was swimming in mud… he reached out a trembling hand as temperature went into the red. The experiment exploded. As Ben lost consciousness his last thought was, “I wasn’t fast enough”.

When Ben woke from the coma, everything around him seemed to have slowed down. He eventually learned that the world was normal; HE had sped up. Well then, he would use his newfound powers for America! And also be the best lab assistant in the world to atone for his great failure. He still doesn’t know what group was behind the attack on Dr. Reed’s experiment.

## Powers
- Compressed-Air Punch*
- Punching Groups*
- Quick Healing
- Running Up Walls and Over Water*
- Super Speed*
- Throwing Mud*

<sub><sup> * Known to the general public</sup></sub>

## Notes

### Allies
- [Amon-Ra](Amon-Ra.md)
- [Diamondback](Diamondback.md)
- [Dr. Reginald Reeds](../npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md)
- [Faceless](Faceless.md)
- [Professor Polar](player_characters/Professor_Polar.md)
- [Shard](player_characters/Shard.md)
- [Tarraingteacht](../npcs/friends_and_allies/Tarraingteacht.md)
- [Zoltan](Zoltan.md)

### Associates
- Birog
- Brian Loganach
- Burt 'Barnstormer' Barlow
- Cpt. Brian Laganach
- Defenders of Justice
- Det. Beaumont
- Dr. Leanne Brzezicki
- [FBI](../organizations/US_Government/FBI.md)
- Guardians of Freedom
- Ka-Pow!
- Leo Lawrence
- Liberty Squad
- Lt. Liberty
- Lucy LaMonte
- Officer Fitz
- Officer Layne
- [Special Agent Lawrence Alexander Williams](../npcs/friends_and_allies/fbi/Lawrence_Alexander_Williams.md)
- Thomas 'Thunderhead' Russ
- U.S. Military

### Birthplace
[New_York_City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md)

### Enemies
- Atlanteans
- Black Fin
- Colletti Mob
- Der Rind
- Die Hexe
- Doc Macabre
- Dr. Johannas Wagner
- Fire Hawk
- Martians
- Nazis
- Schattenkrieger
- Steel Shark
- the Axis Legion
- the Cult of the Naga
- the Elemental Androids
- the Fascist Society of America
- the Knight of Crows
- the Serpent King
- the SuperMercs
- Tilingkoot
- Valusi

### Home
[New York City](/locations/New_York_State/New_York_City/New_York_City.md)

### Property

### Memberships
[Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)

### Relations
- [Reginald Reeds](../npcs/friends_and_allies/Reginald_Reeds.md) (foster father)

### Rivals
- Charles 'Speedy' Siegal

### Visited

## Adventures
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
- [Issue 003 -- Battle of New Brunswick (War of the Worlds Part 3)](sessions/Issue-003.md)

<!-- GM Notes
Things in here don't show up in normal viewing mode.
-->
