npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md, before:

---
type: npc
---
<!--
type: non-player-character
created-by:
-->

# Martians

Alien invaders from Mars.

## AKA:

## Appearance
Trait | Description
-- | --
Hair: | None
Eyes: | Black
Height: | 5'
Weight: | 200-250lbs
Genders: | ??
Notes: |

<img title="Martian" src="images/Martian.jpg">

## Background / Origin

## Personality

## Powers

<sub><sup> * Known to the general public</sup></sub>

## Notes
These aggressive tentacled beings invaded earth the night of Halloween in 1938.  They are  surprisingly large, approximately 5 feet feet in diameter and roughly 200-250 pounds.  They possess advanced weaponry, including [hand-held heat rays](/items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md).  From captured Martian bases, we know that they feed on humans and other organic life by injecting the victim with a necrotizing agent (utilizing a small fluted organ located inside their beaks) that dissolves the subjects insides, allowing the Martian to then drink the resulting fluid.  Their eyesight apparently extends into the infrared spectrum, though how far is yet unknown.  Examples of their writing include materials that reflect heat to different degrees, making it difficult for humans to decipher their language.  It is unknown if they can also see into the ultraviolet end of the spectrum.

Leaders have displayed the ability to invade and control the minds of human victims.  With this psychic power, they have been able to stun, paralyze and frighten victims.  It is speculated that the entire species is psychic and that this is how they communicate, though they also have been heard to communicate with a complicated systems of whistles and trills.

They make use of [massive tripodal tanks](/items/Martian_Tripod.md) (over 80 feet tall) that also use a heat ray as its main armament.  Some tripods are armed with the dreaded [Black Smoke Launcher](/items/Black_Smoke_Launcher.md), which spreads a deadly narcotizing gas.  Smaller tripods, roughly half the size, are armed with smaller heat rays and net casters that they use for capturing human victims.

### Allies

### Associates

### Birthplace

### Enemies
- [Guardians_of_Freedom](/organizations/Guardians_of_Freedom.md)
- [Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)
- All of Earth

### Home

### Property
- [Black Smoke Launcher](/items/Black_Smoke_Launcher.md)
- [Martian Heat Ray](/items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md)
- [Martian Landing Pod](/items/Martian_Landing_Pod.md)
- [Martian Tripod](/items/Martian_Tripod.md)

### Memberships

### Relations

### Rivals

### Visited
- [Grovers Mill](locations/New_Jersey/Grovers_Mill.md)
- [New Brunswick](locations/New_Jersey/New_Brunswick.md)

## Adventures
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](/sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)


<!-- GM Notes
Not actually from Mars, but they did use it as a forward base for their invasion.  They are actually from Sirius.
-->

Commit message:

Issue 003
Added issue 3 and its associated files.

npcs/foes/martians/Martian.md, after:

---
type: npc
---
<!--
type: non-player-character
created-by:
-->

# Martians

Alien invaders from Mars.

## AKA:

## Appearance
Trait | Description
-- | --
Hair: | None
Eyes: | Black
Height: | 5'
Weight: | 200-250lbs
Genders: | ??
Notes: |

<img title="Martian" src="images/Martian.jpg">

## Background / Origin

## Personality

## Powers

<sub><sup> * Known to the general public</sup></sub>

## Notes
These aggressive tentacled beings invaded earth the night of Halloween in 1938.  They are  surprisingly large, approximately 5 feet feet in diameter and roughly 200-250 pounds.  They possess advanced weaponry, including [hand-held heat rays](/items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md).  From captured Martian bases, we know that they feed on humans and other organic life by injecting the victim with a necrotizing agent (utilizing a small fluted organ located inside their beaks) that dissolves the subjects insides, allowing the Martian to then drink the resulting fluid.  Their eyesight apparently extends into the infrared spectrum, though how far is yet unknown.  Examples of their writing include materials that reflect heat to different degrees, making it difficult for humans to decipher their language.  It is unknown if they can also see into the ultraviolet end of the spectrum.

Leaders have displayed the ability to invade and control the minds of human victims.  With this psychic power, they have been able to stun, paralyze and frighten victims.  It is speculated that the entire species is psychic and that this is how they communicate, though they also have been heard to communicate with a complicated systems of whistles and trills.

They make use of [massive tripodal tanks](/items/Martian_Tripod.md) (over 80 feet tall) that also use a heat ray as its main armament.  Some tripods are armed with the dreaded [Black Smoke Launcher](/items/Black_Smoke_Launcher.md), which spreads a deadly narcotizing gas.  Smaller tripods, roughly half the size, are armed with smaller heat rays and net casters that they use for capturing human victims.

### Allies

### Associates

### Birthplace

### Enemies
- [Guardians_of_Freedom](/organizations/Guardians_of_Freedom.md)
- [Vanguard](/organizations/Vanguard.md)
- All of Earth

### Home

### Property
- [Black Smoke Launcher](/items/Black_Smoke_Launcher.md)
- [Martian Heat Ray](/items/Martian_Heat_Ray.md)
- [Martian Landing Pod](/items/Martian_Landing_Pod.md)
- [Martian Tripod](/items/Martian_Tripod.md)

### Memberships

### Relations

### Rivals

### Visited
- [Grovers Mill](locations/New_Jersey/Grovers_Mill.md)
- [New Brunswick](locations/New_Jersey/New_Brunswick.md)

## Adventures
- [Issue 001 -- Invasion (War of the Worlds Part 1)](/sessions/Issue-001.md)
- [Issue 002 -- Showdown in Sandy Hills (War of the Worlds Part 2)](sessions/Issue-002.md)
- [Issue 003 -- Battle of New Brunswick (War of the Worlds Part 3)](sessions/Issue-003.md)

<!-- GM Notes
Not actually from Mars, but they did use it as a forward base for their invasion.  They are actually from Sirius.
-->
